
(Cool Clock by Jotaf98)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
(E-mail: jotaf98@hotmail.com)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯


(Info)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Cool Clock is a first ever skinnable substitution
for your old System Tray clock!

You can use a *GRAPHICAL* skin, or set the
background color, text color and font name/size for
a text-based (yet cool if you use the right font)
skin!

The interface is so intuitive I think there's no
need to explain it: you open the program, the clock
is replaced, and then you can click on it for a
menu full of options to customize it.



(Custom Skins)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
As to making your own skins, I would really
appreciate it if I had at least more 4 or 5 of
them. If you think you can make a good one, e-mail
me and it will be included in the next version! I
have included a template skin in the main folder,
it's called "Template Skin.bmp". The areas are
separated (dark or bright) to make it easier for
you to build your template on top of this one ;)

The right part is the menu, and the left part is
the digits in their appearence order, so unlike
other skinnable programs the digits do not need to
be always the same (eg.: you can make the left
digit different from the middle-right digit). This
is specially good if you want, for example, put the
digits in a frame (look closely in the default skin
image).

Note: only the first hours/minutes separator will
be used.

Skins can be BMPs, GIFs, JPGs or JPEGs, as long as
they have the right sizes (see the template).



(Know Bugs)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
This is not exactly a bug, because I tried many
different ways and there isn't any way to fix it
(or at least that I know of!):

When the minute/hour changes, the original clock
repaints and the Cool Clock flickers for a fraction
of second. Maybe it's just to remind you that it's
still there?... :p



(Stuff I Intend to Implement in Further Versions)
 ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
 » A quick-access menu for your most used programs
 » Animated graphical skins


